capital = 271
oob = "Default_oob"
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
}

recruit_character = ETH_haile_selassie
recruit_character = ETH_fitawrari_yeebio_woldai
recruit_character = ETH_seyoum_mengesha
recruit_character = ETH_amare_makonnen
recruit_character = ETH_haile_mariam
recruit_character = ETH_gabriel_zawde_gilaneh
recruit_character = ETH_woldemeskal_tariku
recruit_character = ETH_ras_kebbede
recruit_character = ETH_wondossen_kassa
recruit_character = ETH_ras_kassa
recruit_character = ETH_dedja_zinatch_nadeon
recruit_character = ETH_haile_abba_mersa
recruit_character = ETH_ras_seyum
recruit_character = ETH_mesfin_sileshi
recruit_character = ETH_lij_abiye_abebe
recruit_character = ETH_john_robinson
recruit_character = ETH_lij_johannes
recruit_character = ETH_fitauri_zawde_gobena
recruit_character = ETH_desta_damtew
recruit_character = ETH_ras_imru_haile_selassie
recruit_character = ETH_bedjironde_tekle_hawariate
recruit_character = ETH_makonnen_endelkatchew
set_convoys = 5
if = {
	limit = {
		has_start_date < 1936.01.02
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = PAL
		type = annex_everything
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 100
}
