capital = 689
oob = "Default_oob"
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 5
recruit_character = JAM_coi
recruit_character = JAM_aa2
recruit_character = JAM_democratic_guy
recruit_character = JAM_acd2
recruit_character = JAM_acr
recruit_character = JAM_fascist_guy
recruit_character = JAM_stc
recruit_character = JAM_ncs
recruit_character = JAM_awt
recruit_character = JAM_mt
recruit_character = JAM_communist_guy
recruit_character = JAM_ai2
recruit_character = JAM_ar
recruit_character = JAM_acas
recruit_character = JAM_acgs
recruit_character = JAM_ncm
recruit_character = JAM_nt
recruit_character = JAM_pot
recruit_character = JAM_nccr
recruit_character = JAM_aco2
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 75
	fascism = 1
	communism = 1
	neutrality = 23
}
