capital = 622
oob = "Default_oob"
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	mass_assault = 1
}

set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.7
recruit_character = PRC_mao_zedong
recruit_character = PRC_zhu_de
recruit_character = PRC_chen_yi
recruit_character = PRC_peng_dehuai
recruit_character = PRC_lin_biao
recruit_character = PRC_kwong_hu
recruit_character = PRC_luo_zhao
recruit_character = PRC_liang_ma
recruit_character = PRC_ma_jin
recruit_character = PRC_ziao_jingguang
recruit_character = PRC_nie_rongzhen
recruit_character = PRC_su_yu
recruit_character = PRC_liu_bocheng
recruit_character = PRC_chen_geng
recruit_character = PRC_gao_qiu
recruit_character = PRC_liang_shen
recruit_character = PRC_otto_braun
recruit_character = PRC_gao_gang
recruit_character = PRC_fang_zeyi
recruit_character = PRC_xu_xiangqian
recruit_character = PRC_deng_ye_peng
recruit_character = PRC_ye_jianying
recruit_character = PRC_hsia_tian
recruit_character = PRC_zhang_wei
recruit_character = PRC_zhou_enlai
recruit_character = PRC_liu_shaoqi
recruit_character = PRC_lin_bojiu
recruit_character = PRC_dong_biwu
recruit_character = PRC_he_yuandang
save_global_event_target_as = WTT_communist_china
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = stupidism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	stupidism = 100
}

add_ideas = {
	closed_economy
	service_by_requirement
	partial_economic_mobilisation
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger"
	}
	add_ideas = {
		PRC_the_long_march_1
		PRC_low_popular_support_3
		PRC_power_struggles
		PRC_red_army_weakened
	}
}

add_opinion_modifier = {
	target = CHN
	modifier = hostile_status
}
